Sisters of Battle Power Armour is a variant of Imperial [[Power Armour]] worn by the Sisters of Battle of the Adepta Sororitas.

## Overview
---
All Sisters, with the exception of the Sisters Repentia, are equipped with a suit of Adepta Sororitas Power Armour.
The Sisters of Battle use a version of power armour designed for the human shape and size, known as Sororitas Power Armour. Sororitas Power Armour is the only enduring legacy of the reign of Goge Vandire, who commissioned the armour for his Brides of the Emperor, where today it serves the Sisters of Battle. Crafted by the forges of Mars, Sororitas Power Armour is relatively lighter than most suits and provide excellent protection. As Sisters of Battle do not possess the Black Carapace of space marines, some patterns of Sororitas Power Armour are not designed with interface in mind and such do not provide enhanced strength or access to advanced systems. Other patterns are able to provide increased strength at negligible loss to the user's mobility and agility thanks to Interface Ports that link the Sister's musculature directly to the enhanced fibre bundle network within their power armour. While the armour does not contain those auxiliary functions that require the gene-enhanced physiology of Astartes, it does use the same power source as the Astartes, and thus will effectively last forever if properly maintained and undamaged.

The 'Sabbat' Pattern Sororitas Helm has been a standard part of this power armour since the mid-38th Millennium. In addition to a comm-link and rebreather unit for limited operation in a total vacuum, the helmet includes full-spectrum filtering and psycho-oculal buffering to assist the (less physically durable) human mind from being rendered insensible by battlefield conditions. For the Battle Sisters of the Calixis Sector, this helm is issued only after they have proven themselves worthy of wearing it.