**Eleanor Blanche, the White Martyr**, is an [[Order of the Argent Shroud|Argent Shroud]] [[Canoness|Canoness Preceptor]], who commands the [[Daemenor Crusade]]'s **War of Faith**.


### Biography
---
Prior to that, she was the [[Canoness]] of the [[Order of the Argent Shroud|Argent Shroud]]'s **1st Commandery of the 5th Preceptory**. **Blanche** took command after her predecessor was killed during the opening of the **Great Rift**, despite Blanche's efforts to save her. The Canoness bears many scars from that battle and Blanche still blames herself for not being able to save her predecessor. She sought redemption because of this and, while always carrying the [[Book of Saint Lucius]], Blanche led a Crusade Force towards the Great Rift to reconquer the Argent Shroud's lost worlds there. In time, Blanche's quest led her to the [[Daemenor|Cardinal World Daemenor]], which fell to **Heresy** after the Great Rift's creation. The Canoness sought to reclaim the world, but her Sisters were heavily outnumbered and became attacked by a large forces of **Heretics**. They would have been defeated, had the [[Angelica|Zephyrim Superior Angelica]] and [[Saint Celestine]] not led reinforcements of Argent Shroud Sisters to their aid. Angelica had come after being granted a vision by the Emperor that Blanche needed aid and with the combined might of the Argent Shroud and Saint Celestine, the Heretics were killed. Afterwards Celestine, Angelica and the Sisters they brought with them would join Blanche's efforts to cleanse Daemenor of its Heresy.

They succeeded in doing so and afterwards, Blanche led her Argent Shroud Sisters to [[Sanctuary 101]]. The **Canoness** sought to reconsecrate the world for the **Imperium**, after it was lost in the aftermath of the **Great Rift**'s creation. However the **Necron** [[Thokt Dynasty]] sought to claim the world as well and was led by its [[Onryx|Overlord Onryx]]. Despite the Order's fierce efforts, they were defeated and Blanche was personally cut down by [[Onryx]]. The surviving Sisters then escaped back to [[Daemenor]], which was already being used as a staging post for the [[Daemenor Crusade]]. There, they recovered from their wounds, including Blanche herself, who had been struck down by the Overlord. [[Onryx]] had also lopped off her right hand, during the battle and it was considered miraculous that the Canoness had survived her injuries. Blanche did not share the same belief, though, as her defeat had left the Canoness feeling hollow and had shattered her faith. She also felt extreme guilt for the Sisters who had died at [[Sanctuary 101]], [[Daemenor]] as well and for not being able to save her predecessor. While Blanche's body healed and she was given a new Bionic hand, the Canoness' now sought atonement. This led her to begin a [[Trial of Suffering]], in order to seek absolution for her failures.

Before Blanche could do so, however, she was met by the [[Morvenn Vahl|Abbess Lord of Terra Morvenn Vahl]]. Despite their defeat, the Abbess assured the despairing Canoness, that her survival was testament to her indomitable faith. Because of its purity and strength and Blanche's success at reclaiming Daemenor, Vahl told the Canoness she was to be promoted. By the Abbess' decree, during a ceremony on Daemenor, Blanche was now a Canoness Preceptor and would be known as the White Martyr. Vahl also gave Blanche command of the [[Daemenor Crusade]]'s War of Faith, which all of her surviving Argent Shroud Sisters joined as well. All this caused the fires of Blanche's soul to burn stronger than they had before.