**Sarane** is a **Hospitaller** of the **Sisters of Battle**, who was among its forces that defended [[Paradyce VI]], when it was invaded by the **Necrons**.

However, [[Paradyce VI]] lay within the **Pariah Nexus**, which caused the **Sisters** and the **23rd Paradycian Peltasts Regiment** to be stricken by the phenomenon known as the **Stilling**. While the Sisters' **faith** held the Stilling at bay, the **Guardsmen** and citizens of [[Paradyce VI]] became lethargic, which reduced the fighting capabilities of the 23rd. This greatly aided the Necrons, and the **Xenos** were able to overwhelm the Imperial forces. As they were forced to retreat, in order to regroup with other survivors, [[Ada|Canoness Ada]] executed the 23rd **Guardsman** [[Buhnk]], after the effects of the Stilling made him refuse to fight any longer. Afterwards, the Canoness spoke to Sarane and made note of how the Sisters were the only ones able to resist the Stilling. Ada warned the Hospitaller to be on guard, though, as the Necron seemed to know this as well and were specifically targeting the Sisters. Shortly after this, however, the Necron attacked and Sarane was the only Sister of her group to survive.[1]

Driven by despair at the deaths of her **Sisters**, and that [[Paradyce VI]] would soon fall, Sarane sought refuge within a temple dedicated to [[Saint Palmerinah]]. There the **Hospitaller** apologized to the **Emperor** for failing Him and being unable to save her Sisters. Sarane, however, questioned why she was still alive and why her Sisters sacrificed themselves for a world that was already lost. After saying this, though, she became angry with herself, as such thoughts belonged to traitors and weaklings. Sarane then thanked the Emperor for the life He had given her and for protecting her from the Stilling. She promised that as long as she lived, Sarane's life would be in His service and the Hospitaller would face whatever horrors the galaxy threw at her. She realized the Emperor must have kept her alive for a reason and, even if Paradyce VI was doomed, Sarane would continue fighting the Necron both for the Emperor and to avenge her lost Sisters. Sarane then asked for the Emperor to allow her to become a vessel for His glorious vengeance, against the **Xenos** who had preyed upon His flock. Just as Sarane finished her plea, a group of Necron, led by their **Lord**, entered the Shrine and then stood silently watching her. The Hospitaller felt no fear, as the Xenos readied their weapons, as she knew this was part of the Emperor's task for her. Instead, Sarane kissed her **Bolt Pistol** and then charged at the **Necron Lord**.