**Adelynn** was a Sister Superior of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]] and was a friend and mentor to her fellow Sister [[Evangeline]], who served in her squadron.

The Sister Superior would first meet Evangeline on [[Ophelia VII]], when as a young orphan she attempted to enter the Martyred Lady's Convent Sanctorum. Adelynn and Sister [[Mortina]] blocked Evangeline's path and prevented her from entering the Convent. Mortina would tell Evangeline to leave, as the Order could not concern itself with strays, but the child would refuse. Evangeline declared she had come to serve the Martyred Lady and sat nearby for several days, until she was left weakened state. It was then that Adelynn stood before her and told Evangeline to stand. The child did so and Adelynn promised to make Evangeline her ward, until the orphan was strong enough to stand beside her as a Sister. Adelynn would keep her promise and helped train and shape Evangeline into a Sister of the Martyred Lady and the bond between became incredibly strong. When her training was later complete, Evangeline joined Adelynn's squadron and fought beside the now Sister Superior, across numerous war zones. It was during this time, that Evangeline's great humility struck Adelynn and she decided that when she died, the Sister Superior wanted her mentee to replace her. Though Evangeline was the youngest of Adelynn's squadron, the others came to terms with her decision, though, they kept it a secret from Evangeline.

Sometime later Adelynn and her squadron were stationed on [[Ophelia VII]] when it was invaded by the forces of Chaos, following the Great Rift's creation. The squadron would defend a section of the Order's Convent Sanctorum, but they suffered heavy losses in doing so. Soon only Adelynn, Evangeline and three others remained, when they were attacked by a Lord of Change. The Greater Daemon struck each Sister down until Adelynn and Evangeline were left. The Lord of Change then attacked Adelynn and though she blocked its first strike, doing so broke her Power Sword. This left her defenseless and the Sister Superior could not block the Greater Daemon's next attack which killed her. Having been unable to save her mentor in time, a grief stricken but defiant, Evangeline picked up the remains of Adelynn's broken sword and confronted the Lord of Change. However, the Greater Daemon simply bathed Evangeline in warp-fire. Though the end seemed near for Ophelia VII, Lord Commander [[Guilliman]] and the [[Indomitus Crusade]] arrived to save the world.

Under Guilliman's command, the invasion was defeated and miraculously two of Adelynn's squadron had survived the battle. The first was skilled warrior [[Ashava]], who recovered enough to fight once more, and surprisingly the second, was Evangeline herself. The Lord of Change's attack, though, had left her unconscious and left Evangeline with a scar in the shape of the Emperor's Imperial Eagle. As Evangeline slept, Adelynn appeared before her in a dream, as the scar marked Evangeline as the one prophesied to recover the lost, [[Shield of Saint Katherine]]. The Sister Superior led a bewildered Evangeline to the Shield and then repeatedly asked her if she was ready. However, it was only when Evangeline later awoke and was told of the Imperial prophecy, that she finally understood what Adelynn was asking of her. Evangeline was then made a Sister Superior and she would continuously draw strength and inspiration from Adelynn's memory, as she began searching for Saint Katherine's Shield.