**Avra** is a Battle Sister of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]].

**Avra** was amongst the Sisters deployed to the world of [[Kiros]], which was under attack by a Chaos Cult. During the battle, she witnessed a sister named [[Saint Katherine|Katherine]] killed by a Mutant and saves a Guardsman named **Gideon Mase**. After the battle, Avra experienced a vision and was revealed to be the new "Katherine". She was subsequently called to join the procession of the [[Triumph of Saint Katherine]] with sisters [[Saint Alicia Dominica|Dominica]], [[Saint Mina|Mina]], [[Saint Lucia|Lucia]], [[Saint Silvana|Silvana]], and [[Saint Arabella|Arabella]], who like her each experienced a vision and took on the moniker of one of the founding Matriarchs of the Adepta Sororitas.

During the procession, Avra hears tales from each of the Sisters regarding miracles and acts of faith they witnessed. It was Avra's turn to tell the final tale, recounting her recent mission. She confessed that her feat that the death of all the Imperials were meaningless, but is reassured by the Sisters that the enemy uses their fear against them and the Emperor has saved the souls of the fallen. With her doubt purged, she took up the sacred shield and sword of St. Katherine and leads them into battle.

At dawn the Sisters of the Triumph, bearing the reliquary, march at the head of an Imperial army. They confront Daemons, but their presence rallies the Imperials and the war of Kiros ends in an Imperial victory. The new Katherine, wielding her sacred sword, delivered the final blow against the monstrous Daemon at the end of the army.