**Cassia** was a Sister Superior of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]].

Her highest wish was to serve the Emperor and the second highest was to not to let her friend, [[Veridyan|Canoness Veridyan]] down. The two shared a bond that was forged by countless battles, triumphs and losses. However while Veridyan had lost count of the many times they have saved each other's lives, Cassia had not. The Sister Superior felt she still owed her Canoness a debt. Adding to that, was the battle on [[Balta]], which Cassia claimed they only survived thanks to Veridyan's efforts.

In M42, Cassia was part of an Imperial fleet, that was sent to end a Chaos rebellion on the vital Mining World [[Siscia]]. She was among the Sororitas that were under the command of [[Oris|Canoness Preceptor Oris]], who had command of the Retribution Class Battleship [[Fiery Heart]]. The Battleship was sent by the fleet to Siscia as its vanguard. Oris' forces would then invade the world, when the rest of the fleet arrived there. However as the Canoness' forces prepared themselves, Oris was approached by the Ordo Hereticus Inquisitor [[Ander]], who sought her assistance. Before the rebellion had begun, Ander had sent one of his Acolytes to Siscia, in search of a powerful object and to discover who led the Cult. This was before it became such a dire threat and Ander had lost contact with his Acolyte since the uprising began. He asked Oris to secretly send an efficient force of Sororitas to find his Acolyte, before the fleet began its invasion. Oris agreed and sent a force of 8 Sororitas to Siscia, who were led by Canoness Veridyan. Cassia was among the group and served as Veridyan's second in command.

As they journeyed to their objective, they were forced to use underground tunnels to evade the Cultists who held Siscia's only city. However the group later found their path blocked by a Tarantula Sentry Gun. As they discussed what to do, the Sisters also looked through a window and saw the Cultists were about to execute several Priests. While [[Ghita]] wished to aid them, Cassia said she did not know how the Sisters could free the Priests and complete the mission. It was then decided by Canoness Veridyan that they would destroy the Tarantula with grenades, while Cassia killed the Cultists holding the Priests. While the Sister Superior warned the use of grenades would alert the Cultists to their location, Veridyan hoped freeing the Priests would cause enough confusion to help them. The Sisters succeeded in doing both, but as Cassia predicted the Cultists located them and attacked them from both sides of the tunnel.

The Sisters then advanced through the Cultists in front of them, while Cassia acted as a rearguard. However after the group entered a room, Cassia was shot through the neck before she could join them. The Sister Superior was able to fall into the room, however, and the door was closed behind her afterwards. As the blood spilled out of her, Cassia's thoughts were not of the Emperor or the life she was about to lose. Instead it was of Canoness Veridyan and how the Sister Superior had not done enough to help her friend. As Cassia died, Veridyan could only hold onto her and despair.