**Elivia** is a [[Canoness|Canoness Commander]] of the[[ Order of Our Martyred Lady]].

When the Great Rift's creation led to a Chaos invasion of the Order's Homeworld, [[Ophelia VII]], Elivia was fighting elsewhere. In command of the [[imperium/adeptus ministorum/adepta sororitas/orders/orders militant/convent sanctorum/order of our martyred Lady/vessels/Unbroken Vow|Dauntless Class Cruiser Unbroken Vow]], she would later join [[Roboute Guilliman|Lord Commander Guilliman]] and the [[Indomitus Crusade]] in their successful effort to save Ophelia VII. Afterwards, the ship received several of the Martyred Lady's Sisters, who had been stationed on the Cardinal World when the invasion began. This included an unconscious [[Evangeline]], who had miraculously survived being burned by a Daemon. The Sister now bore a burn in the shape of an Imperial Eagle and this immediately drew Elivia's attention to a message the Crusade had received from Terra.

Coming from the Throne World's [[Convent Prioris]], the message stated that due to the Great Rift's creation, the relic known as the [[Shield of Saint Katherine]] was now lost within the Dark Imperium. However it continued, a warrior burned, but spared by the Emperor and now bearing an Imperial Eagle scar, would lead the way to the Shield. Elivia knew that this warrior was Evangeline and when she awoke, the Canoness met with her immediately. Elivia then promoted Evangeline to the rank of Sister Superior and told her of the Convent Prioris' prophecy of the burned warrior who would find the Shield. Though Evangeline denied she was the warrior, Elivia remained convinced it was her and told the Sister Superior they would begin looking for the Shield. Then the Unbroken Vow, left Ophelia VII for Terra, where they would be blessed by Cardinals for their endeavor.