**Ellsbeth Wake** is an Adepta Sororitas of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]], who was once the second of the [[Miriael Sabathiel|Sister Superior Miriael Sabathiel]]. This ended, after Sabathiel became corrupted by Chaos and became a Heretic.

She was among the Sisters that [[Felicita|Canoness Felicita]] commanded, when they served in the Battle Group's **Task Force IX**. It was sent by the Battle Group to reclaim the Imperium Sanctus world [[Garvetha Primus]] and its system, which were held by **Heretics**. The Task Force then invaded the world and soon only needed to conquer the city of **Deng-Var**, to make Garvetha Primus' the Imperium's once more. This would then allow the world's system to be opened up for further invasions. However it was as they were fighting to take back the city, that the Daemon Primarch Angron destroyed the Choral Engine on the Imperium Nihilus world Malakbael, which the majority of Fleet Quartus' forces had been defending. The psychic beacon's subsequent explosion, then unleashed Khorne's Murder-Curse Warp plague, within Malakbael's system. However due to its Battle Groups sharing psychic channels with each other, the Murder-Curse was able to spread to them all, no matter where they were located within the Galaxy.

Because of this, the Warp plague soon reached Task Force IX and those who were infected by it, immediately became servants of the Blood God. Now filled with murderous bloodlust and rage, they then fell upon anyone that was near them, including their former allies. While Canoness Felicita was infected by the Murder-Curse, Helenica was able to resist the plague's corruption. However moments later, she was decapitated by an infected Repentia, who in turn was killed by the non-infected Sister, [[Kerenna]].