**Felicita** is a [[Canoness]] of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]] and is among the forces of [[Battle Group Jovia|Indomitus Crusade Fleet Quartus's Battle Group Jovia]] that have been corrupted by Khorne's Murder-Curse.

Among her Order's forces that served under her, were the Sisters [[Helenica]] and [[Kerenna]], who had an eye for the ebb and flow of battle. Felicita made note of this ability and claimed that Kerenna could one day succeed her as Canoness because of it. They both served in Jovia's Task Force IX, when it was sent to reclaim the Imperium Sanctus world [[Garvetha Primus]] and its system from Heretics. The Task Force invaded the world and soon only needed to conquer the city of Deng-Var, to make Garvetha Primus' the Imperium's once more. This would then allow the world's system to be opened up for further invasions. However it was as they were fighting to take back the city, that the Daemon Primarch Angron destroyed the Choral Engine on the Imperium Nihilus world Malakbael, which the majority of [[Fleet Quartus]]' forces had been defending. The psychic beacon's subsequent explosion, then unleashed Khorne's Murder-Curse Warp plague, within Malakbael's system. However due to its Battle Groups sharing psychic channels with each other, the Murder-Curse was able to spread to them all, no matter where they were located within the Galaxy.[1]

Because of this, the Warp plague soon reached Task Force IX and those who were infected by it, immediately became servants of the Blood God. Now filled with murderous bloodlust and rage, they then fell upon anyone that was near them, including their former allies. While Kerenna was able to resist the Murder-Curse, Felicita became corrupted by it and grew horns from her eye sockets and developed a mouth filled of needle-like fangs.