**Kerenna** was a Sister of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]] and was among its forces that served in [[Battle Group Jovia|Indomitus Crusade Fleet Quartus's Battle Group Jovia]].

She always had an eye for the ebb and flow of battle and used it during her service in Jovia. This ability was noted by [[Felicita|Canoness Felicita]], who claimed that Kerenna could one day succeed her because of it. They both served in the Battle Group's Task Force IX, when it was sent to reclaim the Imperium Sanctus world [[Garvetha Primus]] and its system from Heretics. The Task Force invaded the world and soon only needed to conquer the city of Deng-Var, to make Garvetha Primus' the Imperium's once more. This would then allow the world's system to be opened up for further invasions. However it was as they were fighting to take back the city, that the Daemon Primarch Angron destroyed the Choral Engine on the Imperium Nihilus world Malakbael, which the majority of Fleet Quartus' forces had been defending. The psychic beacon's subsequent explosion, then unleashed Khorne's Murder-Curse Warp plague, within Malakbael's system. However due to its Battle Groups sharing psychic channels with each other, the Murder-Curse was able to spread to them all, no matter where they were located within the Galaxy.

Because of this, the Warp plague soon reached Task Force IX and those who were infected by it, immediately became servants of the Blood God. Now filled with murderous bloodlust and rage, they then fell upon anyone that was near them, including their former allies. While Canoness Felicita was infected by the Murder-Curse, Kerenna was able to resist it, but she felt this was done by sheer will power alone. If her will broke, Kerenna knew she would join the Canoness in damnation. Her fellow Adepta Sororitas Sister, [[Helenica]] also managed to avoid the plague, but was suddenly decapitated near Kerenna, by an infected Repentia. The traitor met her end at Kerenna's hands seconds later and she believed the Emperor Himself intervened to make sure she did not fall to the Murder-Curse. Kerenna thought it was because of her observation ability, that allowed her to see a pattern within the infected's behavior. In her observations, the more lucid of the plague's victims could form packs of infected, that follow their commands. If given enough time, Kerenna thought these packs would be able to merge into a hellish army of corrupted souls. Certain that she was the only Imperial on Garvetha Primus who had made this observation, Kerenna knew this was why Emperor had spared her. She then sought to tell other non-infected Imperials of what she had discovered, but Kerenna was killed mere moments later, by the corrupted crew of the Task Force Warhound, [[Venatoris Brutalor]].