**Oris** is an [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]] [[Canoness]] Preceptor, who is a veteran of countless battles.

In M42, she was part of an Imperial fleet, that was sent to end a Chaos rebellion on the vital Mining World [[Siscia]]. Oris had command of the Retribution Class Battleship [[Fiery Heart]], which was sent by the fleet to Siscia as its vanguard. Her forces would then invade the world, when the rest of the fleet arrived there. However as her forces prepared themselves, Oris was approached by the Ordo Hereticus Inquisitor [[Ander]], who sought her assistance. Before the rebellion had begun, Ander had sent one of his Acolytes to Siscia, in search of a powerful object and to discover who led the Cult. This was before it became such a dire threat and Ander had lost contact with his Acolyte since the uprising began.

The Inquisitor asked that Oris, secretly send an efficient force of Adepta Sororitas to recover the lost Acolyte, before the fleet's invasion began. He also asked that a Sister Dialogus accompany the force and that Oris use her resources to decipher encrypted letters, the Acolyte had sent him. Oris would do so and sent a force of 8 Sororitas to Siscia, who were led by [[Veridyan|Canoness Veridyan]]. When he learned of this, Ander questioned why Oris would send such a small force, given the importance of their mission. She replied that given the Inquisitor's requirements, the Sororitas she had sent would be enough to successfully find the Acolyte. However, the little information they had gathered from Siscia described a deteriorating situation, filled with too many contradictions. Too many things about the rebellion were also not adding up and the fleet's invasion would happen soon. This left her feeling out of her depth and Oris now harbored hidden doubts about Veridyan's chance of succeeding in her mission.