**Susana** is a Sister Superior of the [[Order of Our Martyred Lady]] and was stationed in the Hyperia Hive-sprawl on [[Vigilus]], when the [[War of Beasts]] began. As the conflict wore on, Hyperia's water supply dwindle and could not be refilled due to the Hive-sprawl's underground wells being poisoned by **Genestealer Cults**. The invaders also prevented Hyperia from receiving other sources of water from across the world, and soon the only water that remained was held by the Hive-sprawl's Adeptus Ministorum. It was reserved for their use only though and Susana and her Sisters were charged with protecting the shrines where the water was held. When the Hive-sprawl's dehydrating citizens became aware of this, they began protesting outside of the shrines and demanded access to the water. Their protesting filled Susana with unease, as she guarded on such shrine within the Martyr's Pyre Cathedral, and this was not helped by the arrival of the Preacher [[Destimus Tanyon]], who sought to slake his thirst for the second time that day. Tanyon had agitated the protesters by marching right through them with his bodyguards, in order to reach the Cathedral, and he stated they were nothing, but selfish scoundrels who should be working instead of protesting.

Susana did not believe this though and claimed the citizens' thirst was causing them to act this way. Before their conversation could continue however, the protesters stormed the Cathedral while under fire and ran towards the shrine. When they reached it however, the presence of Susana and her Sisters gave them pause. Their leader looked upon her with an awed expression, and then reverently asked that they be allowed to drink from the shrine's waters, so they could ease their thirst. Tanyon refused however and became enraged, as the Preacher claimed that the protester's mere presence, had polluted the shrine and its water. He demanded that Susana and her Sisters open fire on the protesters, but the look of their leader's suffering eyes upon her, had made Susana stir uncomfortably beneath his gaze. Instead of obeying Tanyon's demands, Susana told her Sisters not fire upon the protesters and then filled the bottle held by their leader with water, before handing it back to him. As she did so their eyes met in understanding, and Susana then led her Sisters away from the shrine, as a furious Tanyon accused the Sister Superior of abandoning her duty to the Ecclesiarchy. Susana knew she had not however and as the Sisters left shrine the protesters began loudly praising them, which drowned out the dying shrieks of Preacher Tanyon.[1]