**Gertra Swinnlan** is a [[Order of the Bloody Rose]] [[Canoness]], who took part in the [[Charadon Campaign]] and defended the invaded [[Metalica System]] Hive World, [[Munis Ferrum]].

During the Hive World's invasion, Swinnlan and her Sororitas were fighting to defend [[Hive Alphus]], when she was petitioned by its leaders for aid. The Canoness was requested to protect an area at the base of the Hive which was being swarmed by forces of the Dark Mechanicum. Swinnlan had witnessed the Hive's rulers sending numerous Astra Militarum Regiments to defend the area previously and she demanded to know why it was so important. The rulers relented and told Swinnlan that the remains of the destroyed [[Couragos Imperatus|Imperator Titan Couragos Imperatus]] secretly resided there and it was considered a holy site to the rulers of Munis Ferrum's Hives. Upon hearing this, Swinnlan immediately led her forces to the Imperatus and reached the holy site, just as it was about to fall to the Dark Mechanicum. The Canoness' Sororitas fought ferociously and soon began to push back the invaders, which gave heart to the few remaining Imperials defending it. This forced the Dark Mechanicum's Tech-Priest commander to enter the battle and he dueled Swinnlan, as their forces fought around them. While the Tech-Priest was able to seriously wound her, the Canoness succeeded in killing the commander, whose forces were linked to him by Scrapcode. His death caused the Dark Mechanicum forces to become all but useless and they were destroyed by the surviving Imperial forces. When the last invader fell dead, however, Swinnlan found that she was the only Sororita that had survived the battle.