**Sabathine Gizella** is a [[Canoness|Canoness Preceptor]] of the [[Order of the Bleeding Heart]], who took part in the Indomitus Crusade's [[Argovon Campaign]] as part of [[Task Force XI]].

Of an advanced age, she has had an illustrious career which had been recorded in various texts. This includes [[The Glorious Salvation of Cnida Tertius]], by [[Rahab Linsel|Historitor Rahab Linsel]]; [[Faythe, Dutie and Obstinanse Most Pure]], by [[Gebim Ibzan Hartolemaeus|Sub-Deacon Gebim Ibzan Hartolemaeus]]; and [[The Full Account of the Failed Heresy of Pamphylia Majoris and its Peoples Most Wicked]], collated by [[Uphazin Dibro|Inquisitor Uphazin Dibri]].

Most noteworthy, though, were the years of experience and expertise, Gizella had in fighting the Necrons. This included orchestrating the razing of a Necron tomb complex on [[Dyhazab IV]], with a number of other Orders, Astra Militarum of the [[Mordian Iron Guard]] and a contingent from the [[Sons of Orar]] Chapter. She also boarded the capital ship of a Tomb Fleet, while leading a force of thousands of her Battle Sisters of the Bleeding Heart, as well as troops of the [[13th Omikroni Golems]] and [[34th Betic Centaurs]] Militarum Tempestus Regiments. Notably, Gizella struck down a Necron Lord in single combat at the high point of the [[Amarok Crusade]], which many Imperial scholars consider to be the turning point of that long, brutal conflict.

As the Argovon Campaign began, there were few in Task Force XI who could match her understanding of the Necrons' methods, capabilities or Gizella's burning hatred of the invading Xenos. Despite being from a relatively minor Order, Gizella was chosen by her Battle Sister peers to serve as the Adepta Sororitas' representative in the Task Force's senior command staff. Her reputation, skills, battle experience and formidable mind, led Gizella to be the obvious choice for the position.