**Aveline Aboyé**, the **Daemonbreaker** is a fervent [[Celestian|Celestian Sacresant]] of the [[Order of the Sacred Rose]], who wields the sacred relic sword of its Matriarch, [[Saint Arabella]]. She has since become a Living Saint

### History
---
During the [[13th Black Crusade]], **Aveline** was originally among the Sacred Rose's forces that were sent to defend [[Cadia]]. Before she reached the Fortress World, though, she was diverted to secure a shrine on[[Orison VIII]], which was under attack by the **Black Legion**. As the Sacred Rose held a war council on [[Orison VIII]], they were ambushed by Black Legion forces. During the fighting,[[Talitha|Canoness Talitha]] dispatched Aveline to secure the nearby spaceport and secure its holy relics. As they battled Chaos Space Marines, Aveline's squad was given the [[Gwynnet Helyer|Novitiate Gwynnet Helyer]], a sickly warrior in training who had bungled their defense by prematurely launching the mass-transit conveyor carrying the relics. As Gwynnet is consigned to Aveline's squad as a form of penance, Canoness Talitha tasked them with hunting down the [[Skathan|Black Legion Sorcerer Skathan the Summoner]].

After days of fruitless searching, the Sisters were eventually able to discover that {{Skathan}} was destroying shrines along the ancient pilgrimage route of [[Saint Nadezhda]]. This allowed them to predict his next appearance, and they set up an ambush at the [[Grieving Ossuary]]. After clearing the Ossuary of Cultists, the Sisters learned that Skathan was aware of their plans and had set a trap of their own. However Aveline ignores the obvious trap and continued to pursue Skathan, her squad besting a Helbrute along the way. At the shrine, the Sisters discovered the sword of [[Saint Arabella]], and it was then that Skathan appeared and revealed he needed the Sister's to bypass the tomb's wards. During the subsequent battle, Skathan overpowered the Sisters with his sorcerous powers and slew Aveline's second-in-command, [[Vasiliki]]. Aveline only turned the tide by impaling Skathan with the Sword of Arabella, though it became corrupted in the process.

As the Great Rift opened due to the events on Cadia, Arabella's sword resonated with the calamity and acted as a Daemonic beacon. A mighty Bloodthirster was summoned to [[Orison VIII]]. Knowing they had no chance against such a foe, Aveline ordered the Ossuary to be bombarded by Imperial artillery, collapsing it on top of both the Daemon and themselves. Aveline and eight other sisters miraculously survived, but discovered that the Bloodthirster had only been wounded. After the battle, Gwynnet discovered that she could touch the corrupted sword of Arabella without damage. Realizing the sword was the only chance they had to kill the Bloodthirster, the group took off in pursuit. They caught up with the Daemon at Orison's central necropolis, but find it had been transformed into a labyrinth of horrors from the tormented souls of the damned. After navigating the maze, the Sisters found the Bloodthirster waiting at the bottom of a massive pit.

In the final battle against the Bloodthirster and its Daemonic hordes, Gwynnet was mortally wounded saving Aveline. [[Cilise|Sister Hospitaller Cilise]] was able to save Gwynnet by placing her in a Stasis pod, as [[Zarah]] saved Aveline from the champion [[Karnak|Flesh Hound Karnak]]. Now alone, Aveline battled the Bloodthirster and discovered it was creating a portal to Terra itself. Zarah's sacrifice had cleansed Arabella's sword of corruption, allowing Aveline to banish the Bloodthirster back to the Warp with the weapon. In a cataclysmic explosion, both Aveline and the Daemon vanished.

In the aftermath of the battle, [[Vanozza|Cardinal Vanozza]] led an expedition to the pit beneath the Necropolis. There they discovered the bodies of the dead sisters preserved in fused glass. Aveline was discovered alive, kneeling in vigil, her body scarred with silver lines. She was then recognized as a Living Saint and dubbed the Daemonbreaker.