**Deven Fracoi Esterant Mudire** is a founding member of the [[Logos Historica Verita]], alongside [[Solana]], [[Fabian Guelphrain]] and [[Theodore Viablo]].

## History
Deven Mudire is an arrogant aristocrat that Lord Commander [[Roboute Guilliman]] selected to form the Logos Historica Verita. Alongside the Martian Solana and a third historitor named [[Thiennes]], he was among the first selected to join the new order. Thiennes however would later be removed for displeasing Guilliman and his fall from grace greatly impacted both Solana and Deven. The two would then be joined by Fabian Guelphrain, a Terran Adept who was from a lower social strata. While Solana treated Fabian with kindness, Mudire treated the Adept with disdain. However, this did not interfere with Mudire's abilities as a Historitor, and the three of them were taken by Guilliman to meet with [[Belisarius Cawl|Archmagos Dominus Belisarius Cawl]] at the onset of the [[Indomitus Crusade]].

After arriving at Cawl's Ark Mechanicus, the [[Zar-Quaesitor]], they were reminded by the Space Marine Captain [[Messinius]] to take their roles as Historitors seriously. Mudire was quick to inform the Captain that they would, as the historitors remembered what happened to their former comrade Thiennes. Shortly afterwards, the newly-recruited Historitors witnessed Cawl's unveiling of the Primaris Space Marines. Some days later, the Indomitus Crusade officially began and the three Historitors were assigned to Lord Commander Guilliman's Fleet Primus, as it prepared to leave Terra. There, they were joined by a fourth historitor, Theodore Viablo. The four would be given tasks to ascertain their talent by compiling historical facts in order to establish a true history of the Imperium. If found to be of sufficient quality, their works would be given to Roboute Guilliman's Fleetmasters to read.

Around 4 years into the Indomitus Crusade, Mudire would be reassigned to [[Fleet Octus]].