**Fabian Guelphrain** is a founding member of the [[Logos Historica Verita]], alongside [[Solana]], [[Deven Mudire]] and [[Viablo]].

## History
He was originally a Septicentio-level Terran [[Adept]] of the Adeptus Administratum, Priority Ultima Missives Evaluation, [[Departmento of Final Consideration]] in [[Missive Hive]]. It was a hereditary position his family had held for generations and Fabian was also watched over by his inherited family servant [[Resilisu]]. He however also meticulously researched and complied the true history of the Imperium and his notes contained information that would be deemed Heretical for the average Imperial to know. His life took a drastic turn, during the [[Battle of Lion's Gate]] when Fabian witnessed the Daemons of Khorne fighting Imperial forces. This led him to be arrested by the [[Palatine Sentinels]], but he managed to escape after the reborn Primarch Roboute Guilliman walked past them and caused the Sentinels to kneel in respect. Afterwards Fabian became disillusioned with the state Terra found itself in after the creation of the Great Rift. This caused him to get into an argument with his fellow Adepts during their dinner, when he claimed the Imperium was in a downward spiral. This soon led to an outpouring of outrage, when Fabian concluded that it was likely the Imperium would collapse like so many other Empires on Terra had. One of the angered Adepts told Fabian they would report him to their superiors and this later proved to be true, as he walked into his office as it was being ransacked. This was done by a group of armed men led by the Officio Logisticarum agent [[Jermaine Gunthe]], who held Fabian's historical notes in his hands. After the group had finished searching for any additional notes, Fabian was told to take what he wanted from his room because he would be leaving. In shock, Fabian took his servant Resilisu with him, as the Logister Gunthe escorted the Adept to meet with the now Lord Commander Guilliman.

This was after the Lord Commander had come across Fabian's file, as he searched for suitable historitors to join his Logos Historica Verita. Guilliman remembered seeing the Adept during the Battle of Lion's Gate and read some of Fabian's historical notes that had been secretly taken from the Adept's room. It was when he learned of Fabian's outburst with his fellow Adepts, though, that Guilliman ordered that Fabian be brought to him. Once they met, the Lord Commander told the Adept that the Imperium needed skilled investigative individuals to accurately record its history. Guilliman offered this job, as a historia, to Fabian and told him there would be four of them as first in the Verita, but they would eventually train more. Instead of accepting it, however, Fabian asked what would happen if he refused Guilliman's offer. The Lord Commander calmly informed the Adept that should he refuse, Fabian would be taken back to face his superiors' wrath for his Heretical actions. Seeing that he had no choice now, Fabian accepted his new position. He then met with his fellow historitors: the Mars Priestess Solana, who treated Fabian's inexperience with with kindness, and the off-world aristocrat Deven Mudire, who looked disdainfully down on the Adept for being of lower social class. Fabian also began to get use to luxuriousness his new position offered him, such as gaining access to better food and medical care. Weeks later, he traveled off-world for the first time, as Guilliman brought the three of them to meet with [[Belisarius Cawl|Archmagos Dominus Belisarius Cawl]]. Though Fabian was extremely afraid, thankfully Solana took the time to ease his worry, while Deven scoffed at his unsophistication. Luckily all went well and they soon docked in Cawl's Ark Mechanicus [[Zar-Quaesitor]], where they witnessed the unveiling of the Primaris Space Marines.

Soon afterwards, the [[Indomitus Crusade]] began and the three historitors joined Lord Commander Guilliman's [[Indomitus Crusade Fleet Primus|Fleet Primus]], as it prepared to leave Terra. There, they were joined by a fourth historitor, Viablo, and were then tested by being given historical subjects to write about. These would then be presented to Guilliman, and if they were accepted, the research would be given to his Fleetmasters to read. Fabian was tasked with giving a precise history of the Horus Heresy and Guilliman was pleased with his work. The Lord Commander would then present the Adept with a power sword and laspistol, as he expected his historitors to be ready to defend themselves during the Crusade. Afterwards, Fabian and the others readied themselves for the challenges Fleet Primius would face. Back on Terra, however, Fabian's old position was being fought over to be filled. Unfortunately this meant the messages Fabian usually read were being ignored, despite many of them now containing warnings about the anomaly of the [[Pariah Nexus]] within the [[Nephilim Sector]].

Around 4 years into the Crusade Fabian was reassigned from Fleet Primus by Guilliman for a new duty. While maintaining his historian activities as well as building the Logos Historia Veritas, his real mission was to travel first to [[Segmentum Solar]] to investigate the truth of the [[Angevin Crusade]]. After that, Fabian was ordered to make for the [[Nachmund Gauntlet]] and rendez-vous with [[Marneus Calgar]] on [[Vigilus]] in order to ascertain the political situation in [[Imperium Nihilus]]. His overall goal was to determine which political opposition Guilliman may face in the region. For protection, he was given [[Racej Lucerne|Unnumbered Sons Sergeant Racej Lucerne]]. Secretly, Guilliman feared that Fabian was being manipulated either by the Emperor himself but more likely the Forces of Chaos. Guilliman learned that nearly all the records first discovering the Pariah Nexus had originally come from Fabian's desk while he was away on the Crusade, a near improbable coincidence. Should Fabian be a pawn to Chaos' plans, Lucerne was ordered to eliminate him.

His service with the Logos Historica Verita brought Fabian to Vigilus, where he witnessed the [[War of Beasts]] first hand. However when the Ultramarines Chapter Master, Calgar, returned to defend Ultramar during the Plague Wars, Fabian joined him. This led the Historitor to Ultramar's Capital World [[Macragge]], where Fabian began conducting research in the libraries of the world's capital city, **Magna Macragge Civitas**.

During the tumultuous period of the Plague Wars, Fabian became obsessed with gaining access to the [[Library of Ptolemy]]. He began to have repeated encounters with Daemons during the unrest around the [[Fortress of Hera]] before being drawn into the Library by the [[Rotigus|Great Unclean One Rotigus]]. Fabian spit defiance's at the Daemon, who informed the historian that all he sought could be answered in a specific book on a shelf. Fabian denied the temptation and struck at Rotigus, but was saved by [[Varro Tigurius|Ultramarines Chief Librarian Varro Tigurius]]. Despite his defiance Rotigus was confident that Fabian would read the book, which apparently held the history of Imperium Secundus.