**Solana** is a founding member of the [[Logos Historica Verita]], alongside [[Deven Mudire]], [[Fabian Guelphrain]] and [[Theodore Viablo]].

## History
Solana is a Martian who Lord Regent [[Roboute Guilliman]] selected to join the [[Logos Historica Verita]], though frequently assumed by the uninitiated, Solana is not a Tech-Priest, as she often points out . The Martian and Deven Mudire were among the first selected to join the Logos Historica Verita, alongside a third historitor named [[Thiennes]]. Thiennes would however be removed for displeasing Guilliman and his fall from grace greatly impacted both Solana and Deven. The two would later be joined by Fabian Guelphrain, a Terran Adept, who was from a lower social strata. While Solana treated Fabian with kindness and answered any questions he had, the aristocrat Mudire treated the commoner Adept with disdain. Guilliman later brought the three of them to meet with [[Belisarius Cawl|Archmagos Dominus Belisarius Cawl]] aboard his Ark Mechanicus [[Zar-Quaesitor]]. This was Fabian's first off-world experience and Solana took the time to ease his worry. As they talked, the Martian told Fabian that she was excited to meet Cawl, whose work was an inspiration to her, despite the fact that many within the Adeptus Mechanicus decried him as a Heretek. On the Zar-Quaesitor[1c], the three historitors would witness Cawl's unveiling of the Primaris Space Marines.

Soon afterwards, the [[Indomitus Crusade]] began and the three historitors were assigned to Lord Commander Guilliman's [[Indomitus Crusade Fleet Primus|Fleet Primus]], as it prepared to leave Terra. There, they were joined by a fourth historitor, Theodore Viablo. The four would be given tasks to ascertain their talent by compiling historical facts in order to establish a true history of the Imperium. If found to be of sufficient quality, their works would be given to Roboute Guilliman's Fleetmasters to read. Solana's work would be accepted by the Primarch.

The four would then serve beside each for several years in Fleet Primus, training many other members of the Logos Historica Verita and collating a history of the Imperium since the end of the Horus Heresy. However after witnessing the Founding ceremony of the [[Void Sabres]], the 104th Ultima Founding they had witnessed together, the founding members were finally separated. On the orders of Roboute Guilliman, they were given new duties that sent them away from Fleet Primus - all save for Viablo who was to remain as Guilliman's personal chronicler. Solana herself was charged with traveling to the Adeptus Mechanicus' Forge Worlds, where she would serve as a herald for the Logos Historica Verita. It would then be several years, before the four founding members were reunited again.

Solana was later dispatched by Guilliman to the Zar-Quaesitor, where she and Magos [[Eremenitas]] were instructed to observe Belisarius Cawl and report on his progress in stabilizing the [[Attilan Gate]]. Cawl revealed that he was using Necron technology derived from Pylons to attempt to stabilise the gate, experimenting on a Tomb World frozen in time at the edge of a Black Hole in order to achieve this. Solana, alongside Cawl, [[Alpha Primus]], and [[Qvo]] journeyed to the Necron "War World", revealed to be a World Engine, which was frozen to a time during the [[War in Heaven]]. She accompanied Cawl throughout the adventure on the World Engine, the [[Battle of Ulvheim]], and Cawl's journey into the stabilised Attilan Gate.