**Theodore Viablo** is a founding member of the [[Logos Historica Verita]], alongside [[Solana]], [[Deven Mudire]] and [[Fabian Guelphrain]].

## History
Viablo was a solemn man, originating from a low gravity world. Shortly before the beginning of the [[Indomitus Crusade]], Lord Commander Guilliman would select him to join the newly created [[Logos Historica Verita]]. He would then join [[Indomitus Crusade Fleet Primus|Fleet Primus]] as it prepared to leave Terra. There, he joined the other three founding historitors, Solana, Deven Mudire and Fabian Guelphrain. The four would be given tasks to ascertain their talent and compile historical facts in order to establish a true history of the Imperium. If found to be of sufficient quality, their works would be given to Roboute Guilliman's Fleetmasters to read. Viablo's work would be accepted and he would become a member of the 'Founding Four'.

The four would then serve beside each other for several years in the Indomitus Crusade's Fleet Primus, training many new recruits for the Logos Historica Verita. After witnessing the [[Founding]] ceremony of the [[Void Sabres]], the 104th [[Ultima Founding]] they had witnessed together, the founding members were to finally be separated. On the orders of Roboute Guilliman, they were given new duties that sent them away from Fleet Primus - all save for Viablo who was to remain. Lord Guilliman had decided to make the historitor his personal chronicler, much to the envy of Viablo's fellow founding member [[Fabian Guelphrain]]. Guelphrain would eventually acknowledge to himself that Viablo was more suited to the task, due to being more even-tempered, and more diligent, than he was. It would then be several years before the four founding members would be reunited again.

Viablo was ultimately killed during the funeral procession of princess [[Jessivayne Y'Kamidar]] when [[Orlah Y'Kamidar|High Queen Orlah Y'Kamidar]] of the [[Ironhold Protectorate]] revolted against the Imperium and Fleet Primus.