**Yassilli Sulymanya** is a [[Rogue Trader]] and scion of the [[House Sulymanyan]] Dynasty, who is also a member of the [[Logos Historica Verita]].

## History
It is known, that she speaks several dialects of [[Aeldari]] and also possesses a small grey furred Xenos creature, that Sulymanya cares for as a pet. The eight limbed Xenos is small enough to wrap itself around Sulymanya's wrist and is odd in the fact that it has no noticeable head. Instead, the Xenos' body ends in two identical prehensile cones, which occasionally lift up to twitch at the air.

Sulymanya notably believes that the [[Emperor]] is not a God, which nearly resulted in her being burned alive as a [[Heretic]]. Even [[House Sulymanyan]]'s influence was not enough to save Sulymanya and it took the direct intervention of [[Roboute Guilliman|Lord Commander Guilliman]] to spare her life and remove the claims against her. Afterwards, Guilliman proposed that Sulymanya join the [[Logos Historica Verita]] and she received her training under the experienced Historitor [[Fabian Guelphrain]]. Afterwards, Sulymanya eagerly took part in the Logos' mission to bring forth the true history of the Imperium and not the lies and falsehoods that currently surrounded it. Her views, however, brought her into constant theology arguments with the [[Mathieu|Militant-Apostolic Mathieu]], whose own beliefs ran directly counter to Sulymanya's. In Guilliman, though, she found a kindred spirit and he became the one person in her life that Sulymanya allowed herself to trust. The Rogue Trader would learn much from the Lord Commander and, despite the vast differences between them, Sulymanya had little fear of Guilliman. She instinctively knew that though he was a Primarch, Guilliman was still at heart a Human. Sulymanya also knew that the lines that weathered his face, showed that the responsibility of Mankind's survival weighed heavily on the Lord Commander. For his part Guilliman saw Sulymanya as a valued and highly trusted member of the Logos Historica and he granted her a copy of his personal seal, in order to aid the Rogue Trader in her duties. Their relationship had a casual air to it and the Lord Commander let his guard down with her and shared his thoughts that he usually kept to himself. Guilliman even allowed Sulymanya to call him by his first name, though he would not allow her to call him by the nickname **Robu**.

Near the end of the [[Plague Wars]], Sulymanya undertook a Logos Historica Verita mission to the world [[Talsimar]] and discovered a 10,000 years old copy of the traitor Lorgar's [[Lectitio Divinitatus]]. She and her team were then attacked by members of the [[Inquisition]], who sought to prevent Sulymanya from leaving with the Divinitatus. In the battle that followed, both sides would suffer losses before, Sulymanya and her surviving team were able to escape with the Divinitatus. With her costly discovery in tow, Sulymanya then rejoined Guilliman's fleet as they traveled to [[Parmenio]], during the [[Plague Wars]]. As he was preparing for battle, Guilliman could not meet with Sulymanya right away, but instead tasked her with judging the character of his Militant-Apostolic Mathieu. Sulymanya did as she was asked and though Sulymanya had clashed with Mathieu before, due to their differences concerning the Emperor's God-hood, she later reported to Guilliman, that the Militant-Apostolic was as he seemed. She was convinced that Mathieu meant the Lord Commander no harm, but Sulymanya did report that the Militant-Apostolic sought to convince Guilliman of both his and the Emperor's divinity. Upon hearing this, though, the Lord Commander vowed that he would never let that happen. Afterwards with some trepidation, Sulymanya presented Guilliman with the copy of the Lectitio Divinitatus she had discovered, before she embarked on a dangerous mission the Lord Commander had personally given her. This required her to cross the [[Nachmund Gauntlet]] and hand deliver an encrypted message to [[Commander Dante]], the warden of the Imperium Nihilus. The message was contained within a [[Annihilation Casque]], which shocked Sulymanya due to what would happen if anyone but Dante opened it. Guilliman told her, however, that the Casque would grant her a clean death, if Sulymanya's ship was boarded and overrun. The Lord Commander claimed she would thank him for that in the end, should it ever occur.